Draft: WIP: work on section 3 of secret cheatsheet (#813)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets_draft/Secrets_Management_CheatSheet.md

- Have proper authentication, authorization and accounting in place.
- Make sure that pipelines can only be created by means of an approved process, including MR/PR steps to make sure that a created pipeline is security-reviewed.

### 3.2 Where should a secret be?

> - DO YOU PUT THE SECRET IN GIT PROVISIONGIN SYSTEM?J

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DO YOU PUT THE SECRET IN GIT PROVISIONING SYSTEM?
```

- DO YOU PUT THE SECRET IN YOUR BUILDTOOL?
- DO THESE SYSTEMS HAVE A LINK TO A SECRETS MANAGEMENT SYSTEM WHICH HAS THE SECRET?

A pipeline should not store production secrets. Instead, it should only host temporal credentials (E.g. often rotated credentials) to the secret management-system. TODO: CONTINUE HERE!  

#### 3.2.1 Using Git provisioning system

EXPLAIN DO'S AND DON'TS

#### 3.2.2 Using the pipeline tool

EXPLAIN DO'S AND DON'TS

#### 3.2.3 Storing it in a secrets management system

EXPLAIN DO'S AND DON'TS

### 3.3: Authentication and Authorization

> HOW DOES A PIPELIEN AUTHENTICATE? HOW DO YOU KNOW AUTHORIZAITON IS OK?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HOW DOES A PIPELINE AUTHENTICATE? HOW DO YOU KNOW AUTHORIZATION IS OK?
```

Author: removed the text as this was a placeholder for the actual text.

### 3.4: Logging and accounting
 

> HOW CAN YOU TELL WHO ACCESSED THE SECRET WITH THE PIPELINE?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HOW CAN YOU TELL WHO ACCESSED THE SECRET WITHIN THE PIPELINE?
```
